while you guys on toyota nation in
youtube you all know i bypassed my
intake and my engine and i also put a
K&N High airflow air filter in there but
just recently you know I got bored
figured I'd take out the resonator you
know sounds a lot better without it got
a deeper tone this is the bottom
resonator I'm going to take out when a
block off the passages to the top one
should make it even deeper those are the
two screws that there were it's kind of
hard to do you know you got to take off
the radiator cover you know the plastic
thing you got to remove the battery and
the whole front end of the intake I'll
show you what I'm talking about like
this right here has to come out that
bottom two right there come out battery
does all this but if you look under
there that's where the resonator would
be and you know no longer there let me
start it up I'll give it a little gas
it's got a deeper tone it's pretty good
for only cost in about 30 bucks for the
filter
shut the door I'll show you but you hear
it in the car I'll put the counter
outside right under the hood this might
even be better than some of the
aftermarket ones because normally
they're calm focused it's right years
when it's like this is sucking in all
the nice cold air coming in from the
grill hope the common folk
alright hope you guys enjoyed the video
enjoyed the mod if you need it just ask
me if you want to do it I can walk you
through it I'm i posted DIY you know do
yourself on toyota nation if anyone else
is interested thanks